{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Keown Creese                                                           Scalable Data Infrastructures\
01/06/15                                                                     Problem Solving & Critical\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f1 \cf0 \
A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	A man needs to get to the other side of the river by means of traveling on a boat. The man has with him a Cat, Parrot and a bag of seeds. The boat however can only carry the man and one item, which created a problem because he leaves the either cat, parrot and seed in any order alone the Parrot or food item might be eaten. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 2.	The boat can only carry two loads.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720
\cf0  If left alone the Parrot would be eaten by the cat\
 If the parrot and the bag of seed were left alone the parrot would eat the seeds. \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3.	Get a bigger boat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720
\cf0 Do not leave Cat and the Parrot alone.\
Do not leave the Parrot or the bag of seeds alone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 4.	The possibility of getting a bigger boat is slim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720
\cf0 By taking the Cat, Parrot and the Bag of seed at different time you can get the job done.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 5.	First put the Parrot in the Rowboat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720
\cf0 Next get into to the boat.\
Row the boat to the other side of the river.\
Net get out of the boat.\
Take the Parrot out of the boat and left it on that side.\
Next head back to the boat.\
Row the boat to the other side of the river.\
Get out of the boat.\
Put the bag of seed in boat.\
Row the boat to the other side of the river.\
Get out of the boat take the bag of seed out of the boat to where the parrot is.\
Leave the bag of see.\
Take the parrot back to the boat.\
Put the parrot on the boat. \
Row the boat back to the other side of the river where the cat is.\
Take the parrot out of the boat.\
Put the parrot near the cat.\
Take the cat to the boat.\
Put the cat on the boat.\
Row the boat to the other side of the river.\
Take the cat out of the boat.\
Leave the cat near the bag of seeds.\
Go back to the boat.\
Row the boat back to the other side of the river where the parrot is.\
Get the parrot on that side.\
Put the parrot on the boat.\
Row the boat back to the other side of the river.\
Take the parrot out of the boat.\
Go the where the cat and bag of seed are. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Socks in the Dark:\
 \
A draw contents 20 sock which is divided into five pairs of black socks, 3 paris of brown and 2 pairs of white. The objective is to find two solution that allows you get at least one matching pair and one matching pair of each color. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f3 \cf0 \
}